DocBook Slides Release Notes

DocBook Project Development Team

$Id: RELEASE-NOTES.xml,v 1.4 2005/04/27 19:33:21 xmldoc Exp $

2005-04-28

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Table of Contents

Release 3.4.0

    Schemas
    FO
    HTML
    HTML Help
    Install

Older releases

These are the release notes for the DocBook Slides distribution. This file
provides a high-level overview of features and API changes in each release.

Bug fixes are (mostly) not documented here. For a complete list of changes,
including descriptions of bug fixes, see the NEWS file, which is auto-generated
from the commit descriptions for changes in the project CVS repository.

Release 3.4.0

This is a feature release that includes some significant schema changes as well
as fixes for a few bugs. The feature changes include newly added support for
generating presentations in HTML Help format. There are also experimental
versions of stylesheets for generating presentations in Keynote and SVG
formats. It also includes a new (and still experimental) install.sh script to
facilitate XML catalog and locating-rules setup.

Schemas

 ● Slides (non-full) is now based on Simplified DocBook 1.1 and Slides "full"
    is now based on DocBook 4.4. The main benefit this provides is the ability
    to use HTML tables in your Slides XML source (instead of just CALS tables).

 ● RELAX NG schemas in RNC (compact-syntax) form as well as in RNG (XML
    syntax) form are now included in the distribution. You can use those to do
    context-sensitive Slides editing in a RELAX NG-aware editor such as Emacs/
    nXML, oXygen XML Editor, XMLBuddy, or Exchanger XML Editor. (Note that the
    RELAX NG schemas are currently generated from the DTDs).

 ● A locatingrules.xml file has been added to the distribution. The
    locatingrules.xml file tells a "locating rules"-aware editor such as Emacs/
    nXML to automatically associate the included RELAX NG Slides schema with
    any document whose root element is slides, foil, foilgroup, or
    speakernotes.

FO

 ● Added attribute-set to easily control appearance of footer
 ● Added support for foil/subtitle
 ● Bookmarks in XEP can now contain i18n characters
 ● Changed attribute namespaces accordingly to new schema used for titlepage
    templates

HTML

 ● xref to foil and foilgroup is now supported. (You must have the DocBook XSL
    stylesheets v1.67.0 or greater to use xrefs.)
 ● Added new parameter show.foil.number which can enable numbering of slides.
    Currently works only with frames.xsl and multiframe=0
 ● Added support for dbhtml dir processing instruction

HTML Help

 ● Slides can now be generated in HTML Help format

Install

 ● A new (and still experimental) install.sh file has been added to the Slides
    distribution. For information on using it, see the INSTALL file.

Older releases

Sorry, there are no release notes for releases prior to the 3.4.0 release.

